Blog post: RO-Crate at FAIR Digital Objects Conference 2026 (#537)
ResearchObject/ro-crate: docs/pages/use_cases/dataplant.md

page_id: dataplant
redirect_from:
    - /in-use/dataplant
title: DataPLANT

> description: DataPLANT`s mission is to provide a sustainable and well annotated data management platform for plant sciences.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: DataPLANT's mission is to provide a sustainable and well annotated data management platform for plant sciences.
```
Not sure if it matters, but I changed the type of apostrophe here (should not be a back tick).
